docs(grid, scheduler): add read-only properties documentation (#1757)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/scheduler/editing/edit-appointments.md

}
````

## Notes 

> * While editing, the Scheduler creates a **copy of your original object** which has a **different reference**. You receive that copy in the `OnUpdate` event handler. The `OnEdit` event receives the original item from the pristine `Data` collection, because it is a cancellable event and fires before the Scheduler logic creates the copy.

Reviewer: - Don't use bold for emphasis.
- Different than? (...which has a different reference.)
```suggestion
* While editing, the Scheduler creates a copy of your original object, which has a different reference. You receive that copy in the `OnUpdate` event handler. The `OnEdit` event receives the original item from the pristine `Data` collection because it is a cancellable event and fires before the Scheduler logic creates the copy.
```

Author: Different from the original object

>     * For the Scheduler to successfully create a copy of the original object, all properties should have a getter setter and not be read-only. Otherwise, editing may stop working.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * For the Scheduler to successfully create a copy of the original object, all properties must have both a getter and setter and must not be read-only. Otherwise, editing may stop working.
```
